this is the time of renewal, and not just nature
all the senses of the people are especially open for this season
new
The Stuttgart Spring Fairs pick up this mood and celebrate
firm for the senses
It does not matter whether Elsner is experiencing new taste experiences at the slow-food fair or vice versa
magnificent nature while gardening expensive ambience
taste smell and feel
Everyone gets their money's worth on the four days of the fair
looked at as the Bayer
and that's probably all
he is so then everything is so offered is forgotten
even at the moment but these are things that we are very interested in, we too
need
The principal
Barton was a US soldier's spur for Popper
what's new but what makes the offered topics their calculator
To date, the relations of the issuer to find this gave New York
we wanted to panic ourselves, the family users then gave new ones
insert
all women what would come
we would yes
from photos cook
In general, things take the purchase Med
is the optimal place for whatever reason
it's about as many as possible
several men from other countries action commuters
and four exhibitors show the market of the good at the slow-food-fair
taste
whatever diet can be
a return to tradition and genuine products and regional characteristics
stand in the foreground
she can inquire how that is done
Walker Botta is special about having conversations with the construction of the center
the idea is respectful success
this explains the consumer and wants to enter the production process
we assume that only the informed consumer
can make conscious decisions about how he is what he is Inter is the
Message and leave infinitely simple tests, it makes us feel good that makes us
Joy »and it is produced clean and the experience
Congratulations the slow food fair is the long table in the center of
exhibition
In contrast to the trend, everything is fast and easy to eat
Here is the opportunity for quite conscious enjoyment offered
on the long table there is always space and new conversation partner to
Exchange about the new wind will be
wants to train for his taste targeted expertly accompanied
Madoff the slow-food quite different opportunities
either with one of the many taste sensations
Courses on topics such as flowers Kitchen Coffee tasting the view over
the maultasche out
or the connoisseur can be in the specially decorated wine shop
Of rufdum 170 selected wines should install expert
consultation
intense 4
the army moved by 1 8 percent
from Slow Food
Percent of Lebanon beyond the commercial rail by 1 8%
Offer show what is there about German aid of diversity
What are wines also AWO Slow Food says
yes, that's two percent of the stout movie people
and so want to search
Reken PD to bring the customer closer to the topic of wine
right next door, visitors can make their own production at ICE & Kiesel
access and experience first-hand how good taste is created
to put on the power of your own experiences this principle is in place
the slow food fair also behind the hands-on activities for children and
Teens get
At a cooking contest, students discover how fun it is to do something
to prepare your own food and what healthy food is
DAPD
Well
and 8 Taste Appointments to Food
Participatory activities for children and adolescents as witnesses and
Local culinary delights experience regional discoveries and taste them clearly
It is the market of good taste
3 pm Slow Food 2011 dpa